Stundet name: Tee Yee Kang
Student ID: 34315323

Assignment 1 Evaluation

1. This is a program that allowed user to read some data from a csv file and perform some different tasks with the data.
   However, the user does not need to worries about the reading data part. It is because the program will automatically
   read all the data from the file. 

2. When the user execute the program, the program will first read all data and display a menu to allow the user
   perform some tasks.

3. After each tasks is completed, the program will execute the menu again. The program will continue execute until the user
   enters option 5 to terminate the program.

4. The options available to the user are options 1-5. However, if the user enters any number apart from 1-5, 
   the program will display an error message to remind user then go back to the menu stage instead of crashing
   the program.

5. Option 1 allowed the user to find the average wind speed and average ambient air temperature for specific month and year. 
   After the user enters the data he/she wish to find the result, the program will do the calculation and display the result
   to the screen. 

6. However, is the user entes a date which does not contains any record, the program will display "No data" message to inform the user.

7. Option 2 allowed the user to find the average wind speed and average ambient aire temperature for each month of specific year. The program 
   will prompt the user to enter the year he/she wish to find the result. After that, the program will do the calculatiom and display
   the result for each month of the year to the screen.

8. If there is any date which does not contains any data, the program will display "No data" for the corresponding month.

9. Option 3 allowed the user to find the total solar radiation for each month of specific year. Similar to option 2, 
   the program will prompt the user to enter the year he/she wish to find the result. After that, the program will do the 
   calculatiom and display the result for each month of the year to the screen.

10. similarly, if there is no data for a specific date, the program will display "No data" for the corresponding date.

11. Option 4 allowed user to write some result of specific year to the csv file. After the program obtains the user's desire year,
    the program will automatically write the result to the csv file.

12. If there is no data for the year, the program will display 1 line of "No data" to the csv file with the year.

13. All the require functions specified in the question are work in my program. 

14. In addition, I also implement some of the validation check to improve the program. For example, invalid year, invaid time, leap year, invalid option,
    file cannot open, non-numerical value entered in 
    the menu stage.

15. The test plan and output of test run in the word document contains all the test of all class (including Date class, Time class, Vector class,
    WindLogInfo class and main.cpp)

16. The output of test run is follow by the sequence of the test plan. For example, the output of test run no.1 is the program output of test no.1 in 
    the test plan. 
   